the Israeli military has been heavily
targeting Central and Southern Gaza at
least 16 people have been killed
including nine children as Israeli
forces hit Al maasi on Thursday it's a
tiny strip of land in the west of Gaza
that Israel has repeatedly said would be
a safe Zone more than
22,400 Palestinians have been killed
since the Hamas Le attack on October the
7th an mahmud's joining us live from
Rafa in southern Gaza we're seeing more
air strikes as you've been reporting for
weeks now but including areas that the
is IES had claimed were
safe yes well the entire uh city of Rafa
was designated as a safe area since the
beginning of the war that's the first
time evacuation orders began in the
northern part of Gaza City where people
were sharply ordered to move to the
southern part uh mainly to rafah City
here because it is a safe here but so
far I mean the numbers of attacks on RAF
City are quite uh similar to uh the
numbers of attacks in in the northern
part and and Gaza City and now
particularly we're looking at something
that is very devastating and misleading
in terms of the narrative about
evacuation Zone and safety zone by the
Israeli uh military which is this small
part of of of land small sliver of land
in the western side of raah city that
stretches from der balah passing through
kanun and RAF City and ends at the
Egyptian Gaza border this is Al maasi
area where people are told constantly to
move to because it is a safe area it's a
largely uh it's an open uh largely sand
area underdeveloped part of it is
Farmland but it lacks the very basic
necessities and it's not it's not
suitable for people to shelter it
because it's it has literally nothing uh
to so people can protect themselves uh
from what people are doing right now as
the moment they arrive there they try to
set up the tents where they can protect
them s but again as of yesterday what
happened this has been proven false and
acccurate in terms of the narrative
about safe uh zones the people were
targeted in that area residential home
was targeted and destroyed and this
place to displ families inside the
residential home were killed mainly
women and children as well as all the
the debris the rubbles fell on the
nearby tents and injured many uh many
people as overnight the uh central part
of RAF we're talking about the the
northern e the northern eastern side of
RA City an area better known as where
residential home was targeted an entire
family buja family was killed and mainly
we're looking again another pattern of
killing more children so this pattern of
mass killing of Palestinians continues
despite the many narratives the many uh
uh justifications by the Israeli
military still going on and it it has
not stopped not even for uh for a day if
people do not die of the bombs they are
likely to die of the terrible situations
that are going on in the central area of
the gas STP the uh the aerial
bombardment campaign continu continues
in a very intensive way uh as the
Israeli military pushing deeper into one
of the refugee camps Al maazi refugee
camps where it's completely been
encircled and bombed heavily by the
Israeli military but here's one thing
that we've noticing since the a pent of
destruction of all means of life to the
point making it very impossible for
people to even go back and and and and
and and live reside in the areas that
being targeted we're talking about not
only residential home but also anything
that could help people survive and stay
there has been destroyed we're talking
about his schools for example Health
Facilities Ona managed and operated the
schools the vast majority have been uh
destroyed which is is just something
that people are frustrated about because
this is what they think in terms of the
US support into Ona to support education
to build schools in one hand but on the
other hand there is this uh fund that
goes for the bombings of these very
school that were created for refugees
the children uh in the Palestinian uh
territory so far the patterns is the
same The Killing continues the massive
Slaughter of Palestinians for 90 days
hasn't stopped Hy thank you very much
indeed Han mahm talking to us from in
southern Gaza